okay Jose I got a fairly close week this
one says to max and so this one is fair
price all right hold on sit down so I
can see you guys say hi to Grandma okay
they can open up one present early all
right where'd you get max what is it a
nebulizer nebulizer for your breathing
treatments what do you think of that hey
do you want to go to do one right now
Wow what about you max would you get
what is it what is the bud I can't see
what it is you hold it up Oh a can of
green beans okay see thanks for your mom
are you guys happy with your presence
later max
frankly what do you think of yours oh
good like Max is a little sad Frank will
you share your present with Max okay you
want to open it I'm going to open it
Joanna eat some green beans right now oh
well then we shouldn't open it until
you're ready to eat green beans you
don't want green beans I don't know if
grandmom knew that whoa what would you
rather have had maybe corn carrots maybe
those are like extra special green beans
it's green beans buddy if you want to
eat green beans we can open it up
yeah all right that's it I'm going to
shut it off now say thanks grandma
Frankie